Now we are going to talk about information architecture and how I actually do research.
And you can say and hostile Information Architecture for my frock land.
I'm going to show you some clips of my users how actually I you know interviewed them and used different
techniques to allocate good information about our information architecture and how actually our users
consume and search on frog land or any e-commerce store.
Now the information architecture is all about the information in the form of videos in the form of tax
in the form of headings in the form of images or in the form of products listed listings different listings
or in the form of different contexts you see on your mobile.
And we are going to present that information in the most understandable way which our users can easily
understand.
So the things that questions like how users will find this information how users will reach this information.
Which part they are going to select to reached.
And this information and how they are going to understand this information structure.
So for example if you look at any products face where we have details of any product or any sweeter
or Claude or shirt you can see there are chunks of different informations like color.
We have material.
What is it is made of different sizes available different reviews from our customers.
So these are all part of the information blocks about that product.
Also we are going to look at navigation for example our main navigation of our website different categories
of our goods breadcrumbs.
You can see breadcrumbs are actually the part of your product page is showing that this product is in
this category and this category resides within this category.
Things like that then we have product tags.
So what is the product act.
Tag.
So there are different tags you might have used hashtags on Twitter or Facebook that are also part of
information architecture and how you actually find information of what is included in Information Architecture
everything that you are going to label or you are going to sort of search or find or organize information
in a way that it is easier for the user to consume is actually all in inside the border of information
architecture.
Now in my fraudulent e-commerce Web site you can see we have some features like a sorting with price
low to high alphabetical date or based on tags categories like maybe we are going to sort our information
using fabric type like cotton linen and things like that.
Then we also can sort with based on colors.
So if I just click on blue or red or things like that it is going to list all the different items based
on these.
So product view you can also use the same thing with product tags.
For example Red Cinderella.
So it is also going to help find that dress and it is also going to help build our database of information
about that particular thing that user actually needs.
Now we are going to talk about a technique that we can use to build information architecture or get
some more information about the architecture of your website.
Major categories.
So it is called card sorting and card sorting is a simple technique where you are going to categorize
the information in by asking your users to sort out the different categories.
So in my Frankland example I let my users to you know decide the categories off my top navigation bar
and what they are looking at in that top navigation but in the end of the lesson I am going to share
with you the screenshots or the images I have taken while my user were you know filling out different
card sorting things and different information architecture questions.
Before that we need to learn more about cards sorting.
Now there are different types of card sorting.
There is open cards so there is closed cards or technique.
Then we have hybrid cards or no open cards or is that your you let your users to you know make sense
of the data.
So if you show them a few frocks that these are different kind of frocks What will you call this category
of rocks.
So if they write like fancy dress or maybe Barbie dress you make that category.
So this is your users are deciding everything they are sorting their cards into categories and labeling
them.
So you give them the opportunity to label them then we have closed card sorting you are going to give
and write all the labels on the cards and as your participants all your users they are going to just
sort them into the order they think that this should be filing in this category.
This should be falling in this category.
So this is you know the user has less control over it than we have hybrid cards sword sort which I actually
used.
I will get I gave participant few cards and I also let them write different categories of their own
and twice maybe they have something else in their mind now here are a few images when I was doing some
information architecture research using my user.
It is not a very you can see unique study.
It is very simple.
I just gave them such bar and assured them few for images of frocks.
And I tell them that what you are going to write in this search bar to search for this kind of dress.
So I want you to learn what is the category of what is a term they are going to use to find this information
which is very essential in information architecture how they reach that information.
This is the question I showed you in the start.
Here you can see I gave them a few closed cards sorting and I have already given them few for four or
five options and I let them choose which one makes more sense to them.
So instead of party dresses they selected fancy frocks and you can see they are taking this that this
makes sense I am going to look for fancy frocks party dress doesn't make much sense to them casual dress
and princess dress was also great but actually instead of searching for princess dresses you can see
on the left they used Barbie dresses in the search bar.
So these are actually you can see the categories our user actually started.
You can also see in at the end I have written over here some other collections.
OK so this is actually they were looking for.
They were looking for rental collections and summer collections based on the season which I never thought
that it would be you know possible I have never seen any e-commerce website that has a seasonal collections
or have some collection at the top that season for example summer collection or winter collection or
autumn collection things like that.
So this is this was a new idea to me.
You can see here another category she wrote.
She is writing right now.
Ball ball type dresses which will hire.
You can see here fancy dresses there are actually fancy dresses but they had some balls on the top of
the neck near the neck and actually and this can be our you can say hashtag because user tried to search
for bored bored type dresses or bored dresses or dresses with bows.
So we can give them suggestions while they were trying to tie pants that I bought.
We can give them suggestions and a pop up and they can easily search for that so we can use a suggestion
based feature for searching which makes it easier for the users and we can use tags to tags different
elements of our our dresses.
So this is actually how we are going to do card sorting and and get some information architecture.
We can I also actually give them some images and you know for getting the product details which was
another thing.
So information on a product detail page I collected on another site which I think I don't have an image
right now but that is all about car sorting and information architecture.
You can collect information like that and don't keep trying to keep the record of that.
You must have something like this so you can refer back to that and build and use information architecture
upon that.
So I hope you have enjoyed this lesson.
If you have any questions to ask me let's move on to the next lesson.